well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we have some information for
republicans a certain subset of
republicans
we're going to start off with quote
it is not the strongest of the species
that survives
nor the most intelligent it is the most
adaptable to change that quote
is attributed to charles darwin
i say attributed because fun fact
there's
no real evidence that he ever said that
it appears to be a blend of things he
said over the years you could say that
quote evolved
right now republicans have a scooby-doo
mystery on their hands they're trying to
explain why they are more heavily
impacted by something than democrats
and they have come up with some theories
and those theories
are just awful
awful they're not grounded in reality in
any way shape or form
the reality is and i have the documents
to prove this
that democrats were given a briefing
that republicans apparently just didn't
hear
they didn't know i guess
and i don't know if this briefing was
top secret compartmentalized information
or what
but we're gonna go through it now so
everybody knows
wash your hands don't touch your face
stay at home if you have to go out wear
a mask
socially distance i don't know why
republicans didn't hear this maybe they
didn't want to maybe they were told
not to hear it but they certainly didn't
act on it
if that briefing is uh too complex it
has been leaked
from the secure mountain in which it was
given in and it's on pretty much every
government website i would suggest
people brush up on it
and i know republicans are going to
point to the instances in which
some democrats were caught without their
mask think about the way that is said
caught without their mask because as a
general rule
democrats were attempting to lead and by
lead i mean lead by example so when they
were
in public around a lot of people
they were wearing a mask as a general
rule
whereas with the republicans the rule
was not to wear one
because that's how you show your loyalty
to trump
there are studies and statistics
that can confirm the information in this
briefing however republicans
are generally not swayed by studies and
statistics
they're swayed by anecdotal information
you've got it now you have it
here is your anecdotal information
here's your story
that you can use to highlight this
so now the question are you going to
adapt
or are you going to allow the loyalty
and trust you placed in a man who has
admitted he
lied to the american people while
hundreds of thousands were lost
get in the way of that you have new
information
the proper thing to do when you receive
new information
is to change your way of thinking to
adapt to it
in this case adaptation may literally be
the difference between life and death
please take it seriously anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day